# Rose
An interactive, technical, and openly editable [Rosetta
Stone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosetta_Stone) for developers.

Think of it as an interactive Rosetta Stone table, or a technical thesaurus for
looking up features across different technologies. Rose makes it easy to learn
how to do things you're used to with new technologies.

## Why?
Existing question/answer sites like [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/)
are awesome for getting answers to most technical questions and keeping them in
one place. However, the question/answer format isn't always the best for
figuring out how to use similar features across different technologies.

For example, let's say you wanted to explain how to use a certain kind of
feature across ten different programming languages, relative to how it works in
another language that your readers already know. If you were trying to write
individual answers on a traditional question/answer site for every possible
combination of a language to translate from (10 choices) and a language to
translate to (9 choices), you would need to write 90 (10 * 9) answers to cover
them all! That's a lot of combinatorial explosion.

Fortunately, Rosetta Stone tables (such as the [Pacman
Rosetta](https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Pacman_Rosetta)) are fantastic for
showing how to use many different features across many different technologies.
However, they're often hidden across many different wikis and websites, and
their inner contents aren't easy to search through unless you already know where
the table you need is. While they're dense in information, they aren't nearly as
easy to search for in one place like answers on a question/answer site are.

Rose is meant to bring the best of both worlds. With Rose, you can describe how
to use a feature once in all ten languages (like with a Rosetta Stone table),
except that anyone could visit Rose and easily search between the translations
you provided without having to visit your specific table first.
